Name: Leddon Zwack
Email: leddon.s.zwack@vanderbilt.edu

About my code:
I had two origional intentions for my code: 1. be able to use both questions from the API and the CSV live and 2. for all of the questions through the API to be relevant to a country. I thought these good ideas so that users could choose to upload/edit local questions that they might want to play with or "train" on and also so that the code could be extended in the future to more closely mirror something like the Stack the Countries game (a game I was a huge fan of myself as a kid, although I must admit I was more of a Stack the States guy). Both of these, I was (after much iteration) pretty much able to successfully implement alongside other general features like a score board, all questions being multiple choice (including the CSV ones which populate alternative answer choices from the list of countries used to check API questions), and a reset button. Something else that was very challenging to work with that I had to work around was running into rate limits with the API. To solve this, I implemented a cache for API questions, and even attempted to implement a system where the program would automatically switch over to the CSV questions as a sort of buffer before returning back to the API questions. This system I believe mostly works. I also implemented a decent about of the architure for hints to be available but fell short on timing to get the full implementation.

Reflection:
All in all, I do think my program is decent despite it falling short in some areas that I origionally had higher expectations, but I did thuroughly enjoy learning through the process of implementing this game. I was unfamiliar with javascript and the full stack libraries before this and by doing this project I feel that I did gain helpful experince working with them. If I had more time with this project, I'd fix a couple minor things here and there, glamorize the UX, and add in the hints functionality. Thanks for the oppertunity to complete this project!